Characters:
- Bee
    spacey and weird
    very kind and loyal
    doesn't give up easily
    impulsive
    gluttonous
    afraid of water

- Puppycat
    cold at first but warms up
    secretive 
    cares deeply for others but has a tough front
    egotistical
    wants to be cool but actually cute
    mischevious
    awkward when showing affection

- Deckard
    shy
    self-sacraficing and loyal
    bad at cooking but likes to cook
    likes plants

- Cass
    laid back
    brutaly honest
    tomboy with a girly side
    insecure
    dislikes physical touch

- Toast
    brash and aggressive
    eccentric
    bizzare beliefs or maybe just a weird sense of humor
    obsessive thoughts and behaviors

- Wesley
    mysterious
    effortlessly cool
    quiet
    straightforward
    cutesy humor
    likes to fish and care for sick sea creatures

- Cardamon
    very straight and business-like
    strickler for rules
    mature for his age 
    responsible
    still believes in fairytales

- Pretty Patrick
    kind, patient, forgiving
    smiley 
    generous
    popular
    loves food and the camera

-Voilet
    bold, outspoken, somewhat impulsive
    can be rude
    loyal and protective about those she cares about
    dislikes jewelry and feet

- Crispin
    grumpy
    antisocial
    paranoid
    self-critical
    artistic

- Howell
    flamboyant and vain
    scared of aging
    particular 
    always stressed
    loves cats


1. How do you react when you encounter a problem?
A) I try to find a creative solution. (Bee, Crispin, Wesley) 
B) I may get a bit overwhelmed but try to deal with it logically. (Howell, Deckard)
C) I look for help from friends or experts. (Cass, Pretty Patrick, Cardamon)
D) I tackle it head-on with a lot of energy. (Puppycat, Toast, Violet)

2. How do you handle responsibilities?
A) I sometimes forget, but I always try to make up for it! (Bee, Toast, Crispin)
B) I keep a list and check things off meticulously. (Deckard, Cardamon, Howell)
C) I handle them as they come; no stress. (Cass, Pretty Patrick, Wesley)
D) I’m pretty flexible and can juggle many things. (Puppycat, Violet)

3. What describes your eating habits?
A) I love trying out weird and wonderful new recipes. (Deckard, Pretty Patrick)
B) I prefer a well-balanced, healthy meal. (Howell, Cardamon)
C) I eat whatever I feel like, often snacks or whatever is easiest. (Crispin, Bee, Cass)
D) I enjoy a good meal, the heartier, the better! (Wesley, Toast, Voilet, Puppycat)

4. How do you deal with conflicts?
A) I try to smooth things over, maybe make a joke or distract. (Bee, Wesley)
B) I think it through and speak my mind clearly and calmly. (Deckard, Cardamon, Pretty Patrick)
C) I prefer to avoid conflicts and stay out of drama. (Cass, Crispin)
D) I can be a bit fiery and confrontational. (Howell, Puppycat, Toast, Violet)

5. What is your favorite type of movie?
A) Anything animated or with a quirky twist. (Bee, Crispin, Deckard)
B) I love a good mystery or something that makes me think. (Cardamon, Wesley)
C) Romantic movies or dramas, something with deep personal stories. (Howell, Cass, Pretty Patrick)
D) Action and adventure, something with a lot of excitement! (Puppycat, Toast, Violet)

6. If you found a wallet on the street, what would you do?
A) Take it to the police station or try to find the owner myself. (Wesley, Cardamon, Pretty Patrick, Deckard)
B) Look for any identification so I can return it directly. (Bee, Violet, Cass)
C) Probably leave it; someone else will handle it. (Crispin, Howell)
D) Take the money. (Toast, Puppycat)

7. Choose a pet:
A) A cat. (Bee, Howell)
B) A dog - loyal and protective. (Cardamon, Violet, Pretty Patrick)
C) A small bird or fish that’s low maintenance. (Wesley, Crispin, Deckard)
D) An exotic pet, like a reptile or something unusual. (Toast, Cass, Puppycat)

8. What's you approach when faced with a difficult decision?
A) I might act on impulse but I always stay true to my heart. (Bee, Crispin)
B) I keep my cool and weigh my options carefully. (Puppycat, Wesley, Howell, Cardamon)
C) I make decisions quickly, no fuss. (Cass, Toast, Violet)
D) I try to be fair and consider everyone's happiness. (Pretty Patrick, Deckard)

9. Choose a hobby that appeals most to you:
A) Crafting, painting, other quiet activities. (Bee, Crispin, Wesley, Deckard)
B) Strategic games. (Cardamon, Puppycat, Violet)
C) Anything physical or sports-related. (Cass, Toast)
D) Social activities or hosting events. (Pretty Patrick, Howell)

10. How do you express affection to those you care about?
A) With lots of hugs and kind gestures, making sure they feel special. (Bee, Howell, Pretty Patrick)
B) It might be awkward, but I show care in my own way. (Puppycat, Crispin, Deckard)
C) I prefer actions over words, like doing something nice for them. (Wesley, Voilet, Cass, Cardamon)
D) I may tease them or poke fun, but they know I care. (Toast)

11. What is your biggest fear?
A) Being alone or unable to connect with others. (Bee, Pretty Patrick)
B) Being misunderstood or judged incorrectly. (Wesley, Crispin)
C) Not being able to protect my loved ones. (Voilet, Cardamon, Deckard)
D) Being perceived as weak or not tough enough. (Cass, Puppycat)
E) Being ordinary or not standing out. (Toast, Howell)

12. What's the first thing you want to do at the theme park?
A) Ride the biggest, scariest rollercoaster! (Bee, Toast, Cass, Violet)
B) Try a game to win a big prize (Cardamon, Wesley)
C) I'll be in the fun house (Crispin, Howell)
D) I'd rather just eat all the food. (Pretty Patrick, Puppycat, Deckard)